docs/Development/quick_start.md, before:

---
sidebar_position: 2
title: Quick Start
---

# Overview

## Repositories

- Pontus-X (GEN-X) network docs: https://gitlab.com/web3-ecosystem/gen-x-network/
- Pontus-X portal: https://github.com/deltaDAO/mvg-portal
- Block Explorer: https://github.com/deltaDAO/blockscout
- Ocean Contracts: https://github.com/oceanprotocol/contracts/tree/v3

## Setup MetaMask
- Network name: GEN-X
- New RPC URL: https://rpc.genx.minimal-gaia-x.eu
- Chain ID: 100
- Currency Symbol: GX
- Block Explorer URL: https://explorer.genx.minimal-gaia-x.eu/

## Query from Nodes and Validators

### Get latest block

```bash
curl -X POST --data '{"jsonrpc":"2.0","method":"eth_getBlockByNumber","params":["latest", false],"id":1}' https://rpc.genx.minimal-gaia-x.eu
```

### Get syncing status

```bash
curl -X POST -H "Content-Type: application/json" --data '{"jsonrpc":"2.0","method":"eth_syncing","params":[],"id":1}' https://rpc.genx.minimal-gaia-x.eu
```

# Pontus-X Infrastructure

## Ocean Protocol Contracts v4

```json
"OceanToken": "0x0995527d3473b3a98c471f1ed8787acd77fbf009",
"CommunityFeeCollector": "0x2e0C9e15A45c9884F7768BB852E7399B9153525d",
"Router": "0x7A3C9F0729AB93e4F9945221168A56eCf450187D",
"FixedPrice": "0xAD8E7d2aFf5F5ae7c2645a52110851914eE6664b",
"ERC20Templates":  ["0xA7D7Cb8dDd46c1B13e9Ccab2fA7D4fC5926f0348", "0x7fEcdEDaE245d3AD5ad93c6Df9603d06887786e8"],
"ERC721Template": ["0x2CBCD3b10783378e34209B760e5A70531198f65E"],
"Dispenser": "0x94cb8FC8719Ed09bE3D9c696d2037EA95ef68d3e",
"ERC721Factory": "0x6cb85858183B82154921f68b434299EC4281da53"
```

### Portal Config File (v3)

```javascript
chainId: 100,
dispenserAddress: '0x2a39940D98A4f9D01Ff0738c8420F360435b6A59',
explorerUri: 'https://explorer.genx.minimal-gaia-x.eu/',
factoryAddress: '0x325c09E2093C56AbDc86c5ccD68c77952e8034Af',
fixedRateExchangeAddress: '0x69Df9594E6A30a5751D170093059E7adb3Bf5e92',
gasFeeMultiplier: 1,
isDefault: true,
metadataCacheUri: 'https://aquarius.delta-dao.com/',
metadataContractAddress: '0xfA89407778041EF51B9e1aA16Ff85bDf908D17e6',
name: 'GEN-X',
network: 'genxtestnet',
networkId: 100,
nodeUri: 'https://rpc.genx.minimal-gaia-x.eu',
oceanTokenAddress: '0x0995527d3473b3A98C471f1ED8787ACD77fBF009',
oceanTokenSymbol: 'OCEAN',
providerUri: 'https://provider.genx.delta-dao.com',
startBlock: 1099,
subgraphUri: 'https://subgraph.genx.minimal-gaia-x.eu',
transactionBlockTimeout: 100,
transactionConfirmationBlocks: 1,
transactionPollingTimeout: 60000,
BFactory: '0x7da756d49DFECb750B5ABa51c04088f257c3f8B4'
```

Source: https://github.com/deltaDAO/mvg-portal/blob/development/chains.config.js

## Backend Components (v4)

- Provider: [https://provider.v4.genx.delta-dao.com/](https://provider.v4.genx.delta-dao.com/) 
- Aquarius: [https://aquarius.v4.delta-dao.com/](https://aquarius510.v4.delta-dao.com/)
- Subgraph: [https://subgraph.v4.genx.minimal-gaia-x.eu/](https://subgraph.v4.genx.minimal-gaia-x.eu/)

Commit message:

Adding Token Addresses
Adding the Token addresses

docs/Development/quick_start.md, after:

---
sidebar_position: 2
title: Quick Start
---

# Overview

## Repositories

- Pontus-X (GEN-X) network docs: https://gitlab.com/web3-ecosystem/gen-x-network/
- Pontus-X portal: https://github.com/deltaDAO/mvg-portal
- Block Explorer: https://github.com/deltaDAO/blockscout
- Ocean Contracts: https://github.com/oceanprotocol/contracts/tree/v3

## Setup MetaMask
- Network name: GEN-X
- New RPC URL: https://rpc.genx.minimal-gaia-x.eu
- Chain ID: 100
- Currency Symbol: GX
- Block Explorer URL: https://explorer.pontus-x.eu/

## GEN-X Network Token Smart Contracts

The fee token will be automatically added to your wallet when adding the network. The payment tokens need to be manually imported to be visible as your wallet balance. For this use "import token" and use the below smart contract address.

| Token Name | Smart Contract Address                     | Comment.          |
|------------|--------------------------------------------|-------------------|
| EUROe      | 0xe974c4894996E012399dEDbda0bE7314a73BBff1 | Payment Token     |
| Ocean      | 0xdF171F74a8d3f4e2A789A566Dce9Fa4945196112 | Payment Token     |
| GX         |                                            | Network Fee Token |

## Query from Nodes and Validators

### Get latest block

```bash
curl -X POST --data '{"jsonrpc":"2.0","method":"eth_getBlockByNumber","params":["latest", false],"id":1}' https://rpc.genx.minimal-gaia-x.eu
```

### Get syncing status

```bash
curl -X POST -H "Content-Type: application/json" --data '{"jsonrpc":"2.0","method":"eth_syncing","params":[],"id":1}' https://rpc.genx.minimal-gaia-x.eu
```

# Pontus-X Infrastructure

## Ocean Protocol Contracts v4

```json
"OceanToken": "0x0995527d3473b3a98c471f1ed8787acd77fbf009",
"CommunityFeeCollector": "0x2e0C9e15A45c9884F7768BB852E7399B9153525d",
"Router": "0x7A3C9F0729AB93e4F9945221168A56eCf450187D",
"FixedPrice": "0xAD8E7d2aFf5F5ae7c2645a52110851914eE6664b",
"ERC20Templates":  ["0xA7D7Cb8dDd46c1B13e9Ccab2fA7D4fC5926f0348", "0x7fEcdEDaE245d3AD5ad93c6Df9603d06887786e8"],
"ERC721Template": ["0x2CBCD3b10783378e34209B760e5A70531198f65E"],
"Dispenser": "0x94cb8FC8719Ed09bE3D9c696d2037EA95ef68d3e",
"ERC721Factory": "0x6cb85858183B82154921f68b434299EC4281da53"
```

### Portal Config File (v3)

```javascript
chainId: 100,
dispenserAddress: '0x2a39940D98A4f9D01Ff0738c8420F360435b6A59',
explorerUri: 'https://explorer.genx.minimal-gaia-x.eu/',
factoryAddress: '0x325c09E2093C56AbDc86c5ccD68c77952e8034Af',
fixedRateExchangeAddress: '0x69Df9594E6A30a5751D170093059E7adb3Bf5e92',
gasFeeMultiplier: 1,
isDefault: true,
metadataCacheUri: 'https://aquarius.delta-dao.com/',
metadataContractAddress: '0xfA89407778041EF51B9e1aA16Ff85bDf908D17e6',
name: 'GEN-X',
network: 'genxtestnet',
networkId: 100,
nodeUri: 'https://rpc.genx.minimal-gaia-x.eu',
oceanTokenAddress: '0x0995527d3473b3A98C471f1ED8787ACD77fBF009',
oceanTokenSymbol: 'OCEAN',
providerUri: 'https://provider.genx.delta-dao.com',
startBlock: 1099,
subgraphUri: 'https://subgraph.genx.minimal-gaia-x.eu',
transactionBlockTimeout: 100,
transactionConfirmationBlocks: 1,
transactionPollingTimeout: 60000,
BFactory: '0x7da756d49DFECb750B5ABa51c04088f257c3f8B4'
```

Source: https://github.com/deltaDAO/mvg-portal/blob/development/chains.config.js

## Backend Components (v4)

- Provider: [https://provider.v4.genx.delta-dao.com/](https://provider.v4.genx.delta-dao.com/) 
- Aquarius: [https://aquarius.v4.delta-dao.com/](https://aquarius510.v4.delta-dao.com/)
- Subgraph: [https://subgraph.v4.genx.minimal-gaia-x.eu/](https://subgraph.v4.genx.minimal-gaia-x.eu/)
